=Imitator for X
The Imitator for X library brings input automation to Linux by a C extension written for Ruby. 
You can fake keyboard and mouse input, just as if an user sits in front of a computer and presses and 
releases keys or moves the mouse. Additionally, you get control of the CD/DVD devices and the windows displayed 
on the screen, properly wrapped as Ruby objects. As an useful extra, clipboard access is provided. 
==Installation
Just as always. 
  # gem install imitator_x
You need to have the X11 libraries (should be available on every system using X11) and the development 
headers of the XTEST extension or compiling will fail. On Ubuntu, you do a 
  sudo apt-get install libxtst-dev
or use +aptitude+ or Synaptic or whatever package manager you like. It shouldn't be hard to obtain the package for other systems. 
==Usage
  require "imitator/x"
  
  #Move the mouse somewhere
  Imitator::X::Mouse.move(100, 100)
  #Send some keystrokes
  Imitator::X::Keyboard.simulate("This is testtext!")
  #Or kill an opened window
  xwin = Imitator::X::XWindow.from_title(/gedit/)
  xwin.kill
==Note for non-gem use and debugging
If you don't want to use Imitator for X as a gem, for example for debugging purposes, you will have to set the 
gobal variable $imitator_x_charfile_path to the path of your "imitator_x_special_chars.yml" 
file (which contains the key combinations for creating characters like @)  _before_ you require "imitator/x", 
because otherwise Imitator for X isn't able to find that file (or if you have a non-gem version *and* 
the gem installed you'll get the gem's file). 
==Author
  Marvin Gülker
  You can contact me at sutniuq<>gmx<>net. 
  
  Initia in potestate nostra sunt, de eventu fortuna iudicat. 
==License & Copyright
Copyright © 2010 Marvin Gülker

Imitator for X is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Imitator for X is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with Imitator for X.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

==Disclaimer of Warranty
THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM
IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF
ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

==Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS
THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF
DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD
PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS),
EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

